1.250.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
50.000 O
actions O
de O
25.0 O 
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
2.250.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
100.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1928.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1945.0 chg-date
à O
125.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
250.000 O
actions O
de O
100.0 O
fr O
. O
( O
7.0 O
pour O
40.0 O
et O
25.0 O
pour O
12.0 O
vingtièmes O
de O
part O
) O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
en O
1952.0 O
. O
Converti O
le O
1.0 chg-date
. chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
1.250.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

26.640.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
444.000 O
actions O
de O
60 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
5 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
de link
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
80 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en link
' link
1 chg-date
933 chg-date
. O
Transformé O
en O
piastres currency
en link
1946 chg-date
; O
porté O
en O
1 chg-date
947 chg-date
à link
8.421.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
( O
impôt O
de O
solidarité O
) O
; O
en O
1950 chg-date
à link
75.788.700 chg-amount
piastres currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
75 O
piastres O
et O
création O
de O
168.416 O
actions O
de O
75 O
piastres O
attribuées O
aux O
porteurs O
de O
parts O
( O
32 O
actions O
contre O
1 O
part O
) O
en O
échange O
et O
annulation O
de O
ces O
titres O
. O
Ramené O
en O
1951 chg-date
75.750.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
par O
rachat O
de O
516 O
actions O
de O
75 O
piastres O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
150 O
piastres O
en O
1951 O
. O
Transformé O
ers O
francs currency
en link
1955 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1 chg-date
956 chg-date
à link
832.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
( O
apports O
) O
; O
en O
1959 chg-date
à link
1.998.000.005 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
r O
1 O
. O
Elévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
3.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
2 O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
6.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
3 O
. O
Création O
de O
55.500 O
actions O
de O
6.000 O
fr O
. O
attribuées O
gratuitement O
( O
1 O
pour O
5 O
) O
. O
Converti O
en O
1960 chg-date
en link
19.980.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, link
puis link
pdrié link
à link
26.640.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
émission O
à O
90 O
NF O
de O
111.000 O
actions O
de O
60 O
NF O
( O
1 O
pour O
5 O
) O
. O

8.177.400 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
81.774 O
actions O
de O
100.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
11.250.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
81.774.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
en O
1952.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1955.0 chg-date
à O
163.548.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
création O
de O
27.258 O
actions O
de O
3.000 O
fr O
. O
réparties O
gratuitement O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
I O
) O
; O
en O
1956.0 chg-date
à O
408.870.000 chg-amount
fr currency
.. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
7.500 O
fr O
. O

5.0 last-amount
millions last-amount
de O
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
250.000 O
actions O
de O
20.0 O
N O
. O
F. O

  O
; O
5.994.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
59.940 O
actions O
de O
100.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
1.0 Ini-amount
million Ini-amount
de O
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
, O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
76.800.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
en O
1946.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
100.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
fr currency
. O
par O
incorporation O
de O
réserves O
et O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
1920.0 O
à O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
10.000 O
fr O
. O
en O
1954.0 O
puis O
porté O
à O
150.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
, O
puis O
à O
200.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
• O
a O
) O
par O
création O
de O
5.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
; O
b O
) O
émission O
à O
11.000 O
fr O
. O
de O
10.000 O
actions O
de O
10.000 O
. O
fr O
. O
( O
2.0 O
actions O
nouvelles O
pour O
3.0 O
anciennes O
regroupées O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1958.0 chg-date
à O
333.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
8.300 O
actions O
de O
10.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
31.0 O
. O
Converti O
le O
ter chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
3.330.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, O
puis O
porté O
à O
5.994.000 chg-amount
NF currency
•. O
1.0 O
. O
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
6.660 O
actions O
de O
100.0 O
NF O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
; O
2.0 O
. O
création O
de O
19.980 O
actions O
gratuites O
, O
de O
100.0 O
NF O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
. O

7.360.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
147.200 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
10.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
34.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
en O
1943.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
e O
1948.0 chg-date
à O
46.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
incorporation O
de O
réserves O
et O
création O
de O
46.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
250.0 O
fr O
. O
il O
pour O
3.0 O
) O
, O
puis O
à O
92.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
300.0 O
fr O
. O
de O
184.000 O
actions O
de O
250.0 O
fr O
. O
( O
4.0 O
pour O
31.0 O
; O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
ù O
184.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
250.0 O
à O
500.0 O
fr O
. O
, O
puis O
titres O
regroupés O
; O
en O
1952.0 chg-date
à O
368.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
psi O
émission O
à O
2.700 O
fr O
. O
de O
73.600 O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
1.0 O
) O
; O
en O
1959.0 chg-date
à O
736.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
Converti O
le O
1.0 chg-date
4.0 chg-date
, chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
7.360.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

1.260.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
dtvisé O
en O
25.200 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
3.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Porté O
en O
1946.0 chg-date
à O
5.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
; O
en O
1948.0 chg-date
à O
25.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
; O
en O
1950.0 chg-date
à O
34.500.000 chg-amount
f currency
, O
Ramené O
en O
1951.0 chg-date
à O
28.242.500 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
: O
a O
) O
Remplacement O
de O
l' O
augmentation O
de O
2.750.000 O
fr O
. O
de O
1950.0 O
pe• O
une O
augmentation O
de O
2.567.500 O
fr O
. O
et O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
des O
actions O
regroupées O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
à O
2.750 O
fr O
. O
; O
b O
) O
Annulation O
de O
24.300 O
actions O
de O
250.0 O
fr O
. O
avant O
regroupement O
. O
Porté O
en O
1953.0 chg-date
à O
55.850.000 chg-amount
f;. currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
et O
par O
création O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
de O
900.0 O
actions O
attribuées O
aux O
porteurs O
de O
paris O
( O
9.0 O
actions O
pour O
50.0 O
parts O
) O
, O
puis O
nouveau O
regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
Converti O
le O
1.0 chg-date
. chg-date
  chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
558.500 chg-amount
NF currency
, O
puis O
porté O
la O
même chg-date
année chg-date
à O
801.050 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
création O
de O
4.851 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
dont O
3.351 O
actions O
attribuées O
gratuitement O
aux O
actionnaires O
( O
3.0 O
pour O
10.0 O
) O
, O
et O
1.500 O
actions O
attribuées O
aux O
porteurs O
de O
parts O
( O
3.0 O
actions O
pour O
10.0 O
parts O
) O
, O
en O
annulaiton O
de O
leurs O
titres O
. O
Ramené O
à O
800.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
rachat O
de O
21.0 O
actions O
et O
porté O
à O
1.200.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
8.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1961.0 chg-date
à O
1.260.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
création O
de O
1.200 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
gratuites O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
20.0 O
) O
. O

6.222.500 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
124.450 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
32 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
de link
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
46 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en link
1946 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1950 chg-date
à link
61.600.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency
par O
création O
de O
156.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
100 O
fr O
. O
attribuées O
aux O
porteurs O
de O
parts O
( O
6 O
pour O
1 O
) O
en O
échange O
et O
annulation O
de O
leurs O
titres O
. O
Porté O
en O
1951 chg-date
à link
123.200.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
200 O
fr O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
titres O
de O
2.000 O
fr O
. O
en O
janvier O
1953 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1956 chg-date
à link
184.800.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency
par link
émission link
à link
2.150 link
fr link
. link
C.F.A. link
de link
30.800 link
actions link
de link
2.000 link
fr link
. link
C.F.A. link
( link
1 link
pour link
2 link
) link
, link
puis link
à link
231.000.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
C.F.A. O
Porté O
en O
1959 chg-date
à link
308 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
30.800 O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
C.F.A. O
attribuées O
gratuitement O
( O
1 O
pour O
3 O
) O
. O
Trans- O
formé O
en O
6.160.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1961 chg-date
à link
6.222.500 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
création O
de O
1.250 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
( O
apports O
) O
. O

800.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
16.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
500.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
16.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1943.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
198.0 chg-date
à O
80.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
500.0 O
fr O
. O
Titres O
regroupés O
en O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
en O
1956.0 O
. O
Converti O
le O
ter chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
800.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

£ currency
126.375 last-amount
divisé O
en O
10.110.000 O
actions O
de O
3.0 O
d. O
  O
Le O
Conseil O
a O
été O
autorisé O
à O
réduire O
le O
capital O
à O
£ currency
126.375 chg-amount
. O
Emis O
10.110.000 O
actions O
de O
3.0 O
d. O
chaque O
. O
Les O
remboursements O
de O
capital O
sont O
effectués O
par O
décision O
du O
Conseil O
qui O
a O
procédé O
en O
1959.0 O
au O
remboursement O
de O
6.0 O
d. O
par O
actions O
. O

990.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
33.000 O
actions O
de O
30.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
9.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
, O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
40.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1947.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1.0 chg-date
à O
60.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
750.0 O
fr O
. O
Titres O
regroupés O
en O
1951.0 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1953.0 chg-date
à O
99.0 chg-amount
m chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
13.000 O
actions O
de O
3.000 O
fr O
. O
dites O
« O
B O
» O
. O
Fin O
1956.0 O
, O
les O
actions O
« O
A O
» O
et O
e O
ont O
été O
unifiées O
; O
20.000 O
parts O
ont O
été O
créées O
au O
profit O
des O
propriétaires O
d' O
actions O
« O
A O
» O
à O
raison O
d O
 O
acquisition O
de O
la O
Kern O
Oil O
Cy O
, O
et O
de O
2.085.200 O
actions O
ord O
. O
de O
10.0 O
sh O
. O
réservées O
aux O
actionnaires O
à O
raison O
d' O
une O
action O
nouvel O
le O
pour O
six O
anciennes O
et O
l' O
émission O
d' O
un O
additional O
350.000 O
actions O
ord O
. O
de O
10.0 O
sh O
. O
en O
décembre O
1961.0 O
. O

10 last-amount
millions last-amount
de link
NF currency
divisé O
en O
100.000 O
actions O
de O
100 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
800.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
par O
étapes O
successives O
, O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
25 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en link
1946 chg-date
. O
En O
1948 O
, O
les O
actions O
ont O
été O
regroupées O
en O
titres O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
Porté O
en O
1949 chg-date
à link
50 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
2.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
195C chg-date
à link
100 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
l O
' O
émission O
à O
2.100 O
fr O
. O
de O
25.000 O
actions O
de O
2.000 O
fr O
. O
, O
jouissance O
1 O
. O
janvier O
1950 O
( O
1 O
pour O
1 O
) O
; O
en O
1952 chg-date
à link
250 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1 chg-date
956 chg-date
à link
375 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
25.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
réparties O
gratuitement O
( O
1 O
pour O
2 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
1 chg-date
- chg-date
1 chg-date
- chg-date
60 chg-date
en link
3.750.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, link
puis link
porté link
à link
10 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de link
NF currency
par O
1 O
° O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
100 O
NF O
; O
2 O
° O
création O
de O
25.000 O
actions O
de O
100 O
NF O
( O
1 O
pour O
3 O
) O
. O

D.M. currency
470 last-amount
millions last-amount
divisé O
en O
350.000 O
actions O
de O
D.M. O
100 O
, O
60.000 O
actions O
de O
D.M. O
500 O
, O
335.100 O
actions O
de O
D.M. O
1.000 O
, O
11.300 O
actions O
de O
D.M. O
3.000 O
, O
6.000 O
actions O
de O
D.M. O
6.000 O
( O
actions O
ordinaires O
au O
porteur O
) O
. O
  O
Exprimé O
en O
1870 Ini-date
en link
fr currency
. currency
1.000.000 Ini-amount
. O
Converti O
en O
1873 chg-date
, link
conversion link
de link
Fr link
. link
à link
M. currency
4.500.000 chg-amount
. O
Porté O
jusqu O
' O
en O
1925 chg-date
à link
M. currency
360 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
. O
Converti O
en O
1925 chg-date
en link
R.M. currency
160 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
. O
Porté O
jusqu O
' O
en O
1941 chg-date
à link
R.M. currency
180 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
. O
Converti O
en O
1948 chg-date
à link
D.M. currency
240.240.000 chg-amount
et O
porté O
en O
1957 chg-date
à link
D.M. currency
370 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
. O
Porté O
en O
1960 chg-date
à link
470 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
D.M. currency
par O
émission O
à O
180 O
% O
d O
' O
actions O
de O
100 O
à O
1.000 O
D.M. O

100.0 last-amount
millions last-amount
de O
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
1.000.000 O
d' O
actions O
de O
100.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
2.017.500 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
175.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1939.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1946.0 chg-date
à O
350.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
la O
création O
de O
250.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
700.0 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
1.0 O
anc O
. O
de O
700.0 O
fr O
. O
ou O
4.0 O
anc O
. O
de O
175.0 O
fr O
. O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1948.0 chg-date
à O
1.0 chg-amount
milliard chg-amount
par O
incorporation O
de O
réserves O
et O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
des O
actions O
de O
700.0 O
à O
2.000 O
fr O
. O
, O
puis O
à O
2.0 chg-amount
milliards chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
2.000 O
à O
4.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1956.0 chg-date
à O
5.0 chg-amount
milliards chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
10.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1957.0 chg-date
à O
7.500 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
250.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
10.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
; O
en O
1958.0 chg-date
à O
10.0 chg-amount
milliards chg-amount
de O
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
250.000 O
actions O
de O
10.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
100.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
NF currency
. O

25 last-amount
millions last-amount
de link
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
250.000 O
actions O
de O
100 O
NF O
entièrement O
libérées O
, O
obligatoirement O
nominatives O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
2 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Porté O
par O
étapes O
' O
successives O
à O
23.662.625 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
puis O
à O
141.975.750 chg-amount
fr currency
. link
le link
8 chg-date
décembre chg-date
1949 chg-date
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
750 O
fr O
. O
Porté O
en O
1952 chg-date
à link
189.301.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
750 O
à O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
Ramené O
à O
189 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par link
annulation link
de link
301 link
actions link
puis link
porté link
en link
1953 chg-date
à link
420 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
2.000 O
fr O
. O
et O
création O
de O
21.000 O
actions O
de O
2.000 O
fr O
. O
réparties O
gratuitement O
( O
1 O
pour O
9 O
) O
. O
Porté O
fin O
1955 chg-date
à link
' chg-amount
600 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
1 O
0 O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
; O
2e O
attribution O
gratuite O
d O
' O
une O
action O
nouvelle O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
pour O
7 O
anciennes O
. O
Regroupement O
des O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
en O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
depuis O
le O
19 O
juin O
1957 O
. O
Capital O
porté O
ensuite O
à O
800 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
40.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
réparties O
gratuitement O
( O
1 O
pour O
6 O
ou O
1 O
pou O
, O
3 O
) O
. O
Porté O
à O
2 chg-amount
milliards chg-amount
par O
1 O
. O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
des O
actions O
à O
10.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
2 O
. O
création O
de O
40.000 O
actions O
de O
10.000 O
fr O
. O
attribuées O
gratuitement O
( O
1 O
pour O
4 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
l chg-date
' chg-date
er chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960 chg-date
en link
20 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de link
NF currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1961 chg-date
à link
25 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de link
NF currency
par O
création O
de O
50.000 O
actions O
de O
100 O
NF O
, O
attribuées O
gratuitement O
( O
1 O
pour O
4 O
) O
. O
Le O
cessionnaire O
des O
actions O
est O
soumis O
à O
l O
' O
agrément O
du O
Conseil O
. O

116.235.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
2.324.700 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
6.250.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
te O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
35.424.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
en O
1946.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1947.0 chg-date
à O
708.480.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
à O
250.0 O
fr O
. O
de O
1.574.000 O
actions O
de O
225.0 O
fr O
. O
Il O
pour O
1.0 O
) O
; O
en O
1950.0 chg-date
è O
984.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
312.5 O
fr O
. O
En O
1951.0 O
, O
titres O
regroupés O
en O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
En O
1955.0 O
regroupe- O
ment O
en O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
, O
puis O
capital O
porté O
à O
1.476 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
98.400 O
actions O
gra- O
tuites O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
4.0 O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
) O
, O
puis O
à O
3.444 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
5.600 O
fr O
. O
de O
393.600 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
1.0 O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
) O
; O
en O
1957.0 chg-date
à O
5.166 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
7.500 O
fr O
. O
de O
344.400 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
ter chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
51.660.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O
, O
puis O
porté O
à O
77.490.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, O
par O
émission O
à O
65.0 O
NF O
de O
516.600 O
actoins O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1961.0 chg-date
à O
85.239.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
création O
de O
154.980 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
10.0 O
) O
. O
En O
1962.0 chg-date
, O
à O
116.235.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
émission O
à O
55.0 O
NF O
de O
619.920 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
2.0 O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
. O

12.848 last-amount
0.0 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
256.960 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
12.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
, O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
67.350.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
en O
1946.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
1.0 O
0.0 O
à O
93.840.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
création O
de O
264.904 O
actions O
attribuées O
aux O
Mines O
de O
Carmaux O
( O
apports O
) O
; O
2• O
à O
103.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
91.596 O
actions O
nouvelles O
attribuées O
à O
la O
Sté O
Anonyme O
de O
Participation O
M O
de O
Crédit O
( O
apport O
- O
fusion O
) O
; O
titres O
regroupés O
à O
partir O
du O
7.0 O
mal O
1951.0 O
. O
Porté O
en O
octobre chg-date
1950.0 chg-date
à O
206.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
3.750 O
fr O
. O
de O
41.200 O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
, O
jouissance O
1.0 O
. O
janvier O
1951.0 O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
25.0 O
de O
100.0 O
fr O
. O
) O
; O
en O
1952.0 chg-date
à O
386.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
création O
de O
72.200 O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
attribuées O
à O
« O
La O
Hénin O
» O
( O
apport- O
fusion O
) O
; O
en O
1955.0 chg-date
à O
476.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
création O
de O
36.000 O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
attribuées O
à O
la O
Sté O
Houillère O
de O
Sarre O
- O
et O
- O
Moselle O
à O
titre O
d' O
apport O
- O
fusion O
( O
1.0 O
Hénin O
pour O
22.0 O
Sarre O
- O
et O
- O
Moselle O
) O
; O
en O
1956.0 chg-date
, O
après O
réduction O
du O
capital O
à O
476.400.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
rachat O
de O
40.0 O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
, O
porté O
à O
794.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
: O
1.0 O
. O
émission O
à O
18.000 O
fr O
. O
de O
31.760 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
6.0 O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
) O
, O
regroupement O
des O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
en O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
à O
partir O
du O
15.0 O
octobre O
1956.0 O
; O
2.0 O
. O
création O
de O
31.760 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
4.0 O
de O
5.000 O
souscrites O
ou O
regroupées O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1956.0 chg-date
à O
1.130 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
67.200 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
dont O
57.000 O
échangées O
contre O
les O
actions O
Société O
Mosellane O
Financière O
et O
de O
Crédit O
de O
12.329 O
fr O
. O
( O
6.0 O
actions O
Banque O
Industrielle O
- O
La O
Hénin O
contre O
5.0 O
Société O
Mosellane O
Financière O
et O
de O
Crédit O
) O
et O
dont O
le O
solde O
a O
été O
remis O
au O
liquidateur O
de O
Catenor O
( O
apports O
- O
fusion O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
1.0 chg-date
. chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
11.300.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1961.0 chg-date
à O
12.848.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
création O
de O
30.960 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
apports O
) O
. O

2.762.840 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
229.820 O
actions O
A O
de O
12 O
NF O
et O
5.000 O
actions O
B O
de O
1 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
400.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
, O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
5 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en link
1932 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1946 chg-date
à link
56.521.900 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
à O
120 O
fr O
. O
de O
515.219 O
actions O
A O
( O
7 O
pour O
1 O
et O
12 O
pour O
1/10 O
de O
part O
) O
; O
en O
1948 chg-date
, link
à link
56.939.500 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
( O
actionnaires O
empêchés O
) O
; O
en O
1953 chg-date
à link
115.402.400 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
Regroupement O
des O
actions O
A O
en O
actions O
de O
1.200 O
fr O
. O
depuis O
1953 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1956 chg-date
1 link
. link
à link
175.402.400 chg-amount
fr currency
. link
par link
création link
de link
50.000 link
actions link
de link
1.200 link
fr link
. link
( link
apports link
) link
; link
2 link
. link
à link
263.103.200 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
73.084 O
actions O
A O
de O
1.200 O
fr O
. O
( O
1 O
pour O
2 O
actions O
A O
et O
1 O
pour O
24 O
actions O
Eij O
. O
Porté O
en O
1958 chg-date
à link
276.284.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
de O
10.984 O
actions O
A O
de O
1.200 O
fr O
. O
( O
compensation O
de O
créance O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
1 chg-date
. chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960 chg-date
en link
2.762.840 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

14.480.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
181.000 O
actions O
de O
80.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
9.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
37.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
en O
1945.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1947.0 chg-date
à O
75.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
incorporation O
partielle O
de O
la O
réserve O
de O
réévaluation O
et O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
500.0 O
fr O
. O
à O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1948.0 chg-date
à O
150.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
2.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
225.0 chg-amount
mil- chg-amount
lions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
3.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1.0 chg-date
952.0 chg-date
à O
300.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
de O
25.000 O
actions O
de O
3.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
I O
pour O
3.0 O
) O
, O
et O
à O
450.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
4.500 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1957.0 chg-date
à O
500.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
en O
1.0 chg-date
958.0 chg-date
à O
750.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
20.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
, O
et O
création O
de O
30.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
4.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
1e chg-date
, chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
7.500.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1961.0 chg-date
à O
9.000.000 chg-amount
de O
NF currency
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
30.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
, O
puis O
à O
14.480.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
: O
1.0 O
. O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
80.0 O
NF O
; O
2.0 O
. O
création O
de O
1.000 O
actions O
de O
80.0 O
NF O
réservées O
au O
personnel O
. O

  O
r O
6.500.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
130.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
10.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
56.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1946.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
120.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
700.0 O
à O
1.500 O
fr O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
à O
partir O
du O
24.0 O
décembre O
1951.0 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1953.0 chg-date
à O
160.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
16.000 O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
3.0 O
) O
: O
en O
1955.0 chg-date
à O
256.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
4.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1956.0 chg-date
à O
320.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1958.0 chg-date
à O
400.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
1.0 O
. O
par O
création O
de O
4.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
16.0 O
) O
; O
2.0 O
. O
émission O
à O
5.500 O
fr O
. O
de O
12.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
3.0 O
pour O
16.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
1.r chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
4.0 chg-amount
mi chg-amount
I chg-amount
I chg-amount
ions chg-amount
de O
NF currency
, O
puis O
porté O
à O
5.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
NF currency
par O
création O
de O
20.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
4.0 O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1961.0 chg-date
à O
6.500.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
émission O
à O
55.0 O
NF O
de O
30.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
3.0 O
pour O
10.0 O
) O
. O

2.500.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
100.000 O
actions O
de O
25 O
NF O
, O
dont O
88.000 O
de O
capital O
et O
12.000 O
de O
jouiss O
. O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
5 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
, O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
55 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en link
1943 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1947 chg-date
à link
75 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
de O
40.000 O
actions O
de O
500 O
fr O
. O
( O
4 O
pour O
11 O
) O
; O
en O
1949 chg-date
à link
225 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par link
émission link
à link
750 link
fr link
. link
de link
300.000 link
actions link
de link
500 link
fr link
. link
( link
2 link
pour link
11 link
; link
puis link
regroupement link
en link
titres link
de link
1.000 link
fr link
. link
et link
capital link
porté link
à link
250 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
incorporation O
de O
réserves O
et O
création O
de O
25.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
Les O
remboursements O
de O
capital O
suivants O
ont O
été O
effectués O
t O
50 O
fr O
. O
en O
1919 O
, O
100 O
fr O
. O
en O
1920 O
, O
100 O
fr O
. O
en O
1921 O
, O
50 O
fr O
. O
en O
1927 O
, O
50 O
fr O
. O
en O
1928 O
, O
50 O
fr O
. O
en O
1930 O
et O
100 O
fr O
. O
en O
1949 O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
à O
, O
partir O
du O
18 O
février O
1952 O
  O
Converti O
le O
lrr chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960 chg-date
en link
2.500.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

3.660.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
48.800 O
actions O
de O
75.0 O
NF O
  O
En O
1947.0 chg-date
le O
capital O
avait O
était O
de O
10.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
. O
Porté O
en O
1948.0 chg-date
à O
20.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
, O
puis O
à O
47.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
; O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
73.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
attribution O
de O
102.000 O
actions O
de O
250.0 O
fr O
. O
en O
rémunération O
d' O
apport O
- O
fusion O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
titres O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
en O
1950.0 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1951.0 chg-date
à O
146.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
, O
puis O
à O
219.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
6.500 O
fr O
. O
de O
14.600 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
21.0 O
; O
en O
1958.0 chg-date
à O
372.300.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
8.500 O
fr O
. O
Ramené O
en O
1959.0 chg-date
à O
328.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
rembour O
sement O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
par O
titre O
. O
Converti O
le O
1er chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
3.285.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, O
puis O
poité O
à O
3.660.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
création O
de O
5.000 O
actions O
de O
75.0 O
NF O
( O
apports O
) O
. O

5.0 last-amount
millions last-amount
de O
NF currency
, O
en O
100.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
6.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
70.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1947.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
è O
140.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
550.0 O
fr O
. O
de O
140.000 O
actions O
de O
500.0 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
1.0 O
) O
; O
en O
1952.0 chg-date
à O
300.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
550.0 O
fr O
. O
de O
270.000 O
actions O
de O
500.0 O
fr O
. O
et O
création O
de O
50.000 O
actions O
attribuées O
gratuitement O
aux O
porteurs O
de O
parts O
en O
échg O
et O
annulation O
de O
leurs O
titres O
( O
50.0 O
actions O
pour O
1.0 O
part O
) O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
à O
compter O
du O
20.0 O
octobre O
1952.0 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1953.0 chg-date
à O
500.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
5.500 O
fr O
. O
de O
40.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
2.0 O
pour O
3.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
ter chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
5.0 chg-amount
mil chg-amount
lions chg-amount
de O
NF currency
. O

1.400.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
140.000 O
actions O
nominatives O
de O
10.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
En O
1948.0 chg-date
, O
lors O
de O
la O
transformation O
de O
la O
Société O
, O
le O
capital O
était O
de O
11.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
. O
Porté O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
13.200.000 chg-amount
francs currency
, O
par O
distribution O
d' O
actions O
gratuites O
; O
en O
1950.0 chg-date
à O
22.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
distribution O
d' O
actions O
gratuites O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
10.0 O
) O
et O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
7.980 O
actions O
de O
numéraire O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1952.0 chg-date
à O
36.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
: O
1.0 O
. O
par O
création O
de O
2.25 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
10.0 O
) O
; O
2.0 O
. O
par O
émission O
de O
11.250 O
actions O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1954.0 chg-date
à O
50.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
1.250 O
fr O
. O
de O
14.000 O
actions O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
en O
1958.0 chg-date
à O
90.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
: O
le O
Création O
de O
10.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
; O
2.0 O
. O
Emission O
à O
1.150 O
fr O
. O
de O
30.000 O
actions O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
ter chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
900.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1961.0 chg-date
à O
1.400.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
émission O
à O
11.3 O
NF O
de O
41.000 O
actions O
de O
10.0 O
NF O
( O
41.0 O
pour O
99.0 O
) O
. O

  O
9.388.750 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
187.775 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
entièrement O
libérées O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
900.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
16.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1943.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1947.0 chg-date
à O
32.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
64.000 O
actions O
de O
250.0 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
1.0 O
) O
, O
puis O
à O
64.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
128.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
1.0 O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
192.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
  O
, O
en O
1955.0 chg-date
à O
492.525.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
32.835 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O

20.460.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
409.200 O
actions O
nominatives O
de O
50 O
NF O
. O
  O
Ilions O
en O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
8.500.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
52.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. link
en link
1941 chg-date
. O
Porté O
la O
' O
5.000 O
même chg-date
année chg-date
à link
162 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
438.000 O
actions O
de O
250 O
fr O
. O
libérées O
de O
moitié O
entiè- O
pour O
I O
rement O
réservées O
à O
l O
' O
Etat O
Français O
. O
Ces O
actions O
ont O
été O
entièrement O
libérées O
en O
1946 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1946 chg-date
à link
I link
fr link
. link
170.500.000 link
fr currency
. O
pour O
règlement O
de O
l O
' O
impôt O
de O
solidarité O
nationale O
; O
en O
1947 chg-date
à link
341 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
ctions O
à O
275 O
fr O
. O
de O
682.000 O
actions O
( O
1 O
pour O
1 O
) O
; O
en O
1949 chg-date
à link
383.625.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
à O
293 O
fr O
. O
de O
170.500 O
actions O
de O
250 O
fr O
. O
( O
1 O
pour O
8) O
; O
en O
1951 chg-date
à link
511.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
à O
2.700 O
fr O
. O
de O
51.150 O
actions O
de O
1958 O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
( O
1 O
pour O
30 O
) O
, O
puis O
regroupement O
des O
actions O
de O
250 O
fr O
. O
en O
titres O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
Converti O
le O
1e chg-date
, chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960 chg-date
en link
5.115.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1961 chg-date
à link
20.460.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
: O
1 O
° O
Elévation O
du O
nominal O
des O
actions O
de O
25 O
à O
50 O
NF O
; O
2 O
° O
Emission O
à O
150 O
NF O
de O
102.300 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
( O
1 O
pour O
2 O
) O
; O
3 O
° O
Création O
de O
102.300 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
50 O
NF O
( O
1 O
pour O
3 O
) O
. O

1.003.750 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
36.500 O
actions O
de O
27,50 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
350.000 Ini-amount
piastres currency
indochinoises O
, O
transformé O
en O
2.450.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. link
en link
1923 chg-date
. O
A O
la O
suite O
de O
diverses O
modifications O
, O
le O
capital O
était O
de O
7.300.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. link
en link
1947 chg-date
, link
puis link
transformé link
la link
même link
année link
en link
730.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
indochinoises currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1951 chg-date
à link
8.760.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
10 O
à O
120 O
piastres O
. O
Fin O
1955 chg-date
, link
capital link
transformé link
en link
87.600.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1956 chg-date
à link
100.375.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. link
par link
élévation link
du link
nominl link
à link
1.375 link
fr link
. link
et link
transformé link
en link
18.250.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. currency
C.F.P. currency
Regroupement O
depuis O
le O
4 O
février O
1958 O
en O
actions O
de O
500 O
fr O
. O
C.F.P. O
Converti O
en O
1961 chg-date
en link
1.003.750 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

1.320.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
26.400 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
750.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
42.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
en O
1947.0 chg-date
. O
Regroupement O
en O
1949.0 O
en O
titres O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
, O
et O
en O
1952.0 O
en O
titres O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
Porté O
en O
1958.0 chg-date
à O
55.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
5.000 O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
attribuées O
aux O
porteurs O
de O
parts O
en O
annulation O
de O
leurs O
titres O
- O
( O
1.0 O
action O
pour O
5.0 O
parts O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1959.0 chg-date
à O
132.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
et O
création O
de O
4.400 O
actions O
gra- O
tuites O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
ter chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
1.320.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

1.455.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
48.500 O
actions O
de O
30.0 O
NF O
. O
• O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
3.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
en O
1946.0 chg-date
97.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
fr currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
121.250.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
1.250 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1950.0 chg-date
à O
145.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
1.500 O
fr O
. O
Titres O
regroupés O
en O
1951.0 O
. O
Converti O
le O
la chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
1.455.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

  O
AUTORISE O
£ O
1.500.000 O
, O
divisé O
en O
6.000.000 O
d' O
actions O
de O
5.0 O
sh O
. O
Capital O
émis O
à O
fin last-date
, last-date
1960.0 last-date
  O
£ currency
1.033.750 last-amount
en O
actions O
de O
5.0 O
sh O
. O

12 last-amount
millions last-amount
NF currency
en O
240.000 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
lors link
de link
la link
transformation link
en link
société link
anonyme link
, link
1.800.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
, O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
34 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en link
1946 chg-date
. O
En O
1949 chg-date
, link
regroupement link
en link
titres link
de link
1.000 link
fr link
. link
, link
puis link
capital link
porté link
: link
le link
de link
34 link
à link
68 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par link
incorporation link
de link
réserves link
et link
attribution link
titre link
pour link
titre link
d link
' link
actions link
gratuites link
de link
1.000 link
fr link
. link
r link
2 link
. link
de link
68 link
à link
102 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
l O
' O
émission O
à O
1.200 O
fr O
. O
de O
34.000 O
actions O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
Titres O
regroupés O
en O
1951 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1953 chg-date
à link
174 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
24.000 O
actions O
( O
Apports O
) O
r O
en O
1955 chg-date
à link
348 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
3.500 O
fr O
. O
de O
58.000 O
actions O
de O
3.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1 O
pour O
1 O
) O
; O
en O
1956 chg-date
à link
384 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
12.000 O
actions O
de O
3.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
apport O
fusion O
Papeteries O
de O
Rives O
) O
; O
en O
1958 chg-date
à link
576 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
3.300 O
fr O
. O
de O
64.000 O
actions O
de O
3.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1 O
pour O
2 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
ler chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960 chg-date
en link
5.760.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, link
puis link
porté link
à link
12 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
NF currency
: O
1e O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
50 O
NF O
; O
20 O
par O
émission O
à O
60 O
NF O
de O
48.000 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
( O
1 O
pour O
4 O
) O
. O

218.500.000 last-amount
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency
, O
divisé O
en O
43.700 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
C.F.A. O
De O
15 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
de link
fr currency
. link
à Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
le O
capital O
a O
été O
converti O
en O
1946 chg-date
en link
1.300.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
, link
puis link
porté link
par link
étapes link
successives link
à link
13.110.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
I.C. currency
Capital O
transformé O
en O
65.550.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A currency
en link
1955 chg-date
. O
  O
Porté O
en O
1961 chg-date
à link
218.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
des O
actions O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
C.F.A. O

900.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
18.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
1.500.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1924.0 chg-date
à O
3.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
; O
en O
1946.0 chg-date
à O
9.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
110.0 O
fr O
. O
de O
60.000 O
actions O
de O
100.0 O
fr O
. O
( O
2.0 O
pour O
1.0 O
) O
; O
en O
1948.0 chg-date
à O
18.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
120.0 O
fr O
. O
de O
90.000 O
actions O
de O
100.0 O
fr O
. O
( O
titre O
pour O
titre O
) O
; O
en O
1950.0 chg-date
à O
45.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
250.0 O
fr O
. O
Titres O
regroupés O
en O
1951.0 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1953.0 chg-date
à O
90.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
Converti O
le O
1.0 chg-date
" chg-date
janvier chg-date
1.0 chg-date
960.0 chg-date
en O
900.000 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

r O
Autorisé O
: O
1 O
million O
, O
soit O
2 O
millions O
de O
rands O
. O
Emis O
: O
£ currency
943.063 last-amount
, O
soit O
1.886.125 O
rands O
, O
  O
divisé O
en O
1,886.125 O
actions O
de O
10 O
sh O
. O
, O
soit O
1 O
rand O
. O

2.400.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
96.000 O
actions O
de O
25 O
NF O
  O
Le O
capital O
qui O
était O
à Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
de link
12 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
, O
en O
120.000 O
actions O
de O
100 O
fr O
. O
a O
été O
porté O
en O
septembre chg-date
1948 chg-date
à link
30 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
incorporation O
de O
réserves O
et O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
des O
actions O
de O
100 O
fr O
. O
à O
250 O
fr O
. O
, O
puis O
en O
octobre chg-date
1948 chg-date
à link
45 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
60.000 O
actions O
de O
250 O
fr O
. O
( O
1 O
pour O
2 O
) O
. O
Titres O
regroupés O
à O
partir O
du O
11 O
juin O
1951 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1953 chg-date
à link
112.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
27.030 O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
( O
3 O
pour O
2 O
) O
. O
Converti O
en O
1960 chg-date
en link
1.125.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, link
puis link
porté link
à link
2.400.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
1 O
. O
Emission O
à O
50 O
NF O
de O
3.000 O
actic O
, O
s O
de O
25 O
NF O
réservées O
à O
la O
Sré O
Alsacienne O
de O
développement O
et O
d O
' O
expansion O
; O
2 O
. O
Emission O
au O
pair O
de O
49.00 O
: O
actions O
de O
25 O
NF O
pour O
1 O
) O
. O

804.0 last-amount
millions last-amount
de O
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency
, O
divisé O
en O
160.800 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
C.F.A. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
1.0 Ini-amount
million Ini-amount
, O
par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
100.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1944.0 chg-date
. O
Converti O
en O
1945.0 O
en O
piastres O
, O
puis O
porté O
en O
1947.0 chg-date
de O
10.0 O
à O
13.400.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
par O
l' O
émission O
de O
340.000 O
actions O
de O
10.0 O
piastres O
réservées O
aux O
porteurs O
de O
cinquièmes O
de O
parts O
( O
6.0 O
actions O
pour O
5.0 O
cinquièmes O
de O
parts O
) O
, O
en O
annulation O
de O
leurs O
titres O
. O
Porté O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
16.750.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
10.0 O
à O
12.5 O
piastres O
, O
puis O
b O
80.400.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
30.0 O
piastres O
et O
60.0 O
piastres O
. O
Titres O
regroupés O
en O
1951.0 O
, O
puis O
capital O
porté O
à O
107.200.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
300.0 O
à O
400.0 O
piastres O
; O
ers O
1953.0 chg-date
à O
160.800.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
1.000 O
piastres O
et O
sa O
division O
en O
160.800 O
actions O
de O
1.000 O
piastres O
. O
Conversion O
en O
1955.0 chg-date
en O
804.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency

1.500.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
30.000 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
4 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
15 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en link
1942 chg-date
. O
Transformé O
en O
piastres currency
en link
1945 chg-date
( O
1 O
) O
. O
Capital O
Porté O
en O
1949 chg-date
à link
2 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de link
piastres currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
15 O
à O
20 O
piastres O
; O
à O
10 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de link
piastres currency
en link
1954 chg-date
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
20 O
à O
100 O
piastres O
; O
en O
1956 chg-date
à link
12.500.000 chg-amount
piastres currency
V.N. currency
par O
élévation O
à O
500 O
piastres O
V.N. O
Converti O
fin O
1955 chg-date
en link
25.000 link
actions link
de link
2.500 link
fr link
. link
C.F.A. link
, link
soit link
62.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency
Porté O
en O
1960 chg-date
à link
75 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de link
fr currency
. currency
C.F.A. currency
par O
création O
de O
5.000 O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
C.F.A. O
attribuées O
aux O
5.500 O
parts O
( O
après O
annulation O
de O
500 O
titres O
rachetés O
et O
annulés O
) O
, O
10 O
actions O
pour O
11 O
parts O
. O
Conversion O
du O
capital O
en O
1.500.000 chg-amount
NF currency
en O
30.000 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
. O

69.480.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
694.800 O
actions O
de O
100.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
15.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
, O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
173.700.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
en O
1945.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1947.0 chg-date
à O
347.400.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
500.0 O
à O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1948.0 chg-date
à O
694.800.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
2.000 O
fr O
. O
et O
à O
868.500.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1952.0 chg-date
à O
1.302.750.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
3.750 O
fr O
. O
, O
puis O
à O
1.737 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1955.0 chg-date
à O
2.316 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
5.500 O
fr O
. O
de O
115.800 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
3.0 O
) O
; O
en O
1957.0 chg-date
à O
3.474 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
5.500 O
fr O
. O
de O
231.600 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
21.0 O
; O
en O
1959.0 chg-date
à O
5.905.800.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
8.500 O
fr O
. O
Converti O
le O
ler chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
59.058.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, O
puis O
porté O
à O
69.480.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
100.0 O
NF O
. O

10.0 last-amount
millions last-amount
de O
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
200.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
nominatives O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
25.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
de O
fr currency
. O
, O
divisé O
en O
50.000 O
actions O
de O
500.0 O
fr O
. O
libérées O
de O
375.0 O
fr O
. O
Par O
étapes O
suc- O
cessives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
100.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1949.0 chg-date
Porté O
en O
1954.0 chg-date
à O
250.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
depuis O
ie O
10.0 O
février O
1958.0 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1958.0 chg-date
à O
375.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
25.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
réparties O
gratuitement O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
regroupées O
) O
, O
puis O
à O
500.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
5.500 O
fr O
. O
de O
25.000 O
actions O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
3.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
Zef chg-date
janvier chg-date
19.60 chg-date
en O
5.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
NF currency
, O
puis O
porté O
à O
10.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
NF currency
par O
: O
le O
Création O
de O
20.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
gra- O
tuites O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
; O
2.0 O
. O
Création O
de O
80.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
apports O
Foncière O
incendie O
) O
. O

20.400.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
340.000 O
actions O
de O
60.0 O
NF O
nominatives O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
6.800.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
en O
1946.0 chg-date
60.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
. O
Porté O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
75.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
400.0 O
à O
500.0 O
fr O
. O
En O
1950.0 chg-date
à O
120.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
l' O
émission O
à O
700.0 O
fr O
. O
de O
90.000 O
actions O
de O
500.0 O
fr O
. O
, O
jouissance O
1.0 O
er O
janvier O
1950.0 O
( O
3.0 O
nouvelles O
pour O
5.0 O
anciennes O
) O
; O
fin O
1953.0 chg-date
à O
180.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
750.0 O
fr O
. O
; O
regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
3.000 O
puis O
porté O
à O
240.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
3.750 O
fr O
. O
de O
20.000 O
actions O
de O
3.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
I O
pour O
3.0 O
regroupées O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1954.0 chg-date
à O
320.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
4.000 O
fr O
. O
, O
puis O
à O
400.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
20.000 O
actions O
de O
4.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
4.0 O
) O
. O
En O
1956.0 chg-date
à O
500.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
, O
puis O
à O
600.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
20.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
réparties O
gratuitement O
( O
I O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1957.0 chg-date
à O
800.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
40.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
3.0 O
) O
; O
en O
1959.0 chg-date
à O
960.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
320.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
attribuées O
gratuitement O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
, O
puis O
à O
1.200.000.000 chg-amount
par O
émission O
à O
6200.0 O
fr O
. O
de O
48.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
4.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
P. chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
12.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
NF currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1961.0 chg-date
à O
20.400.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, O
par O
1.0 O
° O
émis- O
sion O
à O
52.5 O
NF O
de O
80.0 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
3.0 O
) O
; O
2.0 O
° O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
des O
actions O
à O
60.0 O
NF O
; O
3.0 O
création O
de O
20.0 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
60.0 O
NF O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
12.0 O
) O
. O

1.660.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
33.200 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O

300.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
6.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O

1.0 last-amount
million last-amount
de O
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
20.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
4.0 Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
800.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
2.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
francs currency
en O
1935.0 chg-date
. O
Ulté• O
rieurement O
différentes O
incorporations O
de O
réserves O
ont O
porté O
le O
capital O
jusqu' O
à O
100.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de O
fr currency
. O

3.900.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
78.000 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
10 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
, O
porté O
en O
1920 chg-date
à link
20 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
, O
en O
1930 chg-date
à link
35 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
et O
en O
1949 chg-date
à link
130 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
l O
' O
émission O
à O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
de O
190.000 O
actions O
de O
500 O
fr O
. O
Titres O
regroupés O
à O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
en O
1950 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1956 chg-date
à link
390 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
et O
création O
de O
26.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1 O
pour O
2 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
1 chg-date
or chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960 chg-date
en link
3.900.000 chg-amount
' link
NF currency
. O

5.985.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
119.700 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
entièrement O
libérées O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
650.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Porté O
successivement O
le O
21 chg-date
août chg-date
1951 chg-date
à link
1.700.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
le O
28 chg-date
août chg-date
1951 chg-date
à link
2.700.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
le O
14 chg-date
janvier chg-date
1952 chg-date
à link
5.400.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
le O
18 chg-date
juin chg-date
1952 chg-date
à link
16.200.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
le O
23 chg-date
juin chg-date
1952 chg-date
à link
32.400.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
le O
24 chg-date
janvier chg-date
1953 chg-date
à link
40 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de link
fr currency
. O
, O
le O
28 chg-date
mars chg-date
1956 chg-date
à link
60.800.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
le O
12 chg-date
mars chg-date
1957 chg-date
à link
121.600.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
le O
10 chg-date
mars chg-date
1958 chg-date
à link
182.400.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
et O
le O
24 chg-date
mars chg-date
1959 chg-date
à link
228 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de link
fr currency
. O
Converti O
le O
ter chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960 chg-date
en link
2.280.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, link
puis link
porté link
à link
3.420.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par link
création link
de link
22.800 link
actions link
de link
50 link
NF link
attribuées link
gratuitement link
( link
1 link
pour link
2 link
) link
et link
à link
4.275.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
émission O
à O
52,50 O
NF O
de O
17.100 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
( O
1 O
pour O
4 O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1961 chg-date
à link
5.130.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par link
émission link
à link
60 link
NF link
de link
17.100 link
actions link
de link
50 link
NF link
( link
1 link
pour link
5 link
) link
, link
puis link
à link
5.985.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, O
par O
émission O
à O
70 O
NF O
de O
17.100 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
( O
1 O
pour O
6 O
) O
. O

2.400.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
48.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
7.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
30.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1947.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1948.0 chg-date
à O
45.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
distribution O
gratuite O
de O
30.000 O
actions O
nouvelles O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
, O
et O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
90.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
l' O
émission O
à O
550.0 O
fr O
. O
de O
90.000 O
actions O
de O
500.0 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
1.0 O
) O
. O
Regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
2.500 O
fr O
. O
à O
partir O
du O
24.0 O
mars O
1952.0 O
et O
en O
action O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
à O
partir O
du O
12.0 O
octobre O
1959.0 O
. O
Porté O
en O
1959.0 chg-date
à O
135.0 chg-amount
mil- chg-amount
lions chg-amount
de O
fr currency
. O
par O
création O
de O
9.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
attribuées O
gratuitement O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
, O
puis O
à O
150.0 chg-amount
mil- chg-amount
lions chg-amount
de O
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
3.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
6.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
1.0 chg-date
er chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
1.500.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, O
Porté O
en O
1961.0 chg-date
à O
2.400.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
I O
e O
émission O
à O
55.0 O
NF O
de O
12.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
( O
2.0 O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
; O
2.0 O
° O
création O
de O
6.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
gratuites O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
5.0 O
) O
. O

6.150.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
82.000 O
actions O
de O
75.0 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, O
700.000 Ini-amount
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
, O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
5.400.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
en O
1942.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
10.800.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
, O
titre O
pour O
titre O
, O
d' O
actions O
de O
100.0 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
septembre chg-date
1949.0 chg-date
à O
32.400.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
, O
puis O
à O
43.200.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
; O
en O
1951.0 chg-date
à O
172.800.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
incorporation O
de O
réserves O
, O
en O
décembre chg-date
1953.0 chg-date
à O
270.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
incorporation O
de O
réserves O
. O
Fin O
1953.0 O
, O
regroupement O
en O
54.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
Porté O
en O
1955.0 chg-date
à O
405.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
27.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
réparties O
gratuitement O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
2.0 O
) O
; O
en O
1959.0 chg-date
à O
410.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
1.000 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
, O
apports O
Société O
Immobilière O
du O
23.0 O
, O
rue O
Médéric O
, O
Maisons-Alfort O
. O
Converti O
le O
Zef chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960.0 chg-date
en O
4.100.000 chg-amount
NF currency
, O
puis O
porté O
à O
6.150.000 chg-amount
NF currency
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
des O
actions O
à O
75.0 O
NF O
. O

£ currency
28.333 last-amount
en O
566.668 O
actions O
de O
1 O
sh O
. O
, O
soit O
56.667 O
rands O
en O
566.668 O
actions O
de O
10 O
cents O
( O
1 O
£ O
égale O
2 O
rands O
) O
. O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
£ currency
350.000 Ini-amount
, O
porté O
à O
£ currency
600.000 chg-amount
en link
1909 chg-date
. O
En O
1940 chg-date
, link
le link
capital link
a link
été link
ramené link
de link
600.000 link
£ link
en link
actions link
de link
une link
livre link
à link
495.834 chg-amount
livres currency
en O
actions O
de O
17 O
sh O
. O
6 O
d. O
par O
remboursement O
en O
espèces O
de O
2 O
sh O
. O
6 O
d. O
par O
action O
. O
En O
1944 chg-date
, link
la link
Compagnie link
a link
réduit link
de link
nouveau link
son link
capital link
à link
425.001 chg-amount
livres currency
par O
le O
remboursement O
de O
2 O
sh O
. O
6 O
d. O
par O
action O
. O
En O
1946 chg-date
, link
le link
capital link
a link
été link
ramené link
à link
283.334 chg-amount
£ currency
par O
le O
remboursement O
de O
5 O
sh O
. O
par O
action O
, O
en O
1947 chg-date
à link
212.500 chg-amount
£ currency
par O
le O
remboursement O
de O
2 O
sh O
. O
6 O
d. O
par O
action O
, O
en O
1948 chg-date
à link
70.834 chg-amount
£ currency
par O
le O
remboursement O
de O
5 O
sh O
. O
par O
action O
et O
en O
1949 chg-date
à link
28.333 chg-amount
£ currency
par O
le O
remboursement O
de O
1 O
sh O
. O
6 O
d. O
par O
action O
. O

30.178.550 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
603.571 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
. O
( O
nominatives O
ou O
au O
porteur O
) O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
35.0 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
avait O
atteint O
120.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en O
1938.0 chg-date
. O
Porté O
fin O
1948.0 chg-date
à O
300.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
de O
400.0 O
à O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
; O
puis O
en O
1949.0 chg-date
à O
800.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
500.000 O
actions O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
5.0 O
pour O
3.0 O
) O
, O
puis O
à O
1.0 chg-amount
milliard chg-amount
par O
élévation O
du O
nomi- O
nal O
à O
1.250 O
fr O
. O
, O
regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
, O
et O
enfin O
à O
1.0 chg-amount
milliard chg-amount
250.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
50.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
4.0 O
regroupées O
) O
; O
en O
1950.0 chg-date
à O
1.251.390.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
création O
de O
278.0 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
apports O
) O
, O
ramené O
à O
1.0 chg-amount
milliard chg-amount
250.0 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
rachat O
et O
annulation O
de O
278.0 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
apports O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1951.0 chg-date
à O
2.031.250.000 chg-amount
francs currency
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
156.250 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
francs O
( O
5.0 O
pour O
8) O
; O
en O
1952.0 chg-date
à O
2.640.625.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
création O
de O
121.875 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
3.0 O
pour O
10.0 O
) O
; O
en O
1955.0 chg-date
à O
3.017.855.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
75.446 O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1.0 O
pour O
7.0 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
1.0 chg-date
er chg-date
janvier chg-date
196C chg-date
en O
30.178.550 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

909.480 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
33.072 O
actions O
de O
27,50 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
, link
1.000.000 Ini-amount
de link
fr currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
, O
le O
capital O
avais O
atteint O
20.790.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. link
en link
Ur chg-date
, O
. O
ForTe O
1949 chg-date
à link
51.975.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. link
par link
élévation link
du link
nominal link
de link
1.000 link
à link
2.500 link
fr link
. link
, link
puis link
à link
57.172.500 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
élévatioe O
du O
nominal O
de O
2.500 O
à O
2.750 O
fr O
. O
; O
en O
1950 chg-date
à link
72.418.500 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
création O
de O
5.544 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
2.750 O
fr O
. O
( O
1 O
pour O
5 O
) O
et O
( O
1 O
pour O
15 O
parts O
) O
; O
en O
1957 chg-date
à link
72.759.500 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
création O
de O
124 O
actions O
de O
2.750 O
fr O
. O
( O
apports O
) O
; O
en O
1 chg-date
- chg-date
957 chg-date
à link
90.948.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. O
par O
émission O
à O
12.000 O
fr O
. O
de O
6.614 O
cc+ O
. O
9ns O
oe O
2.750 O
( O
1 O
pour O
4 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
l chg-date
' chg-date
er chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960 chg-date
en link
909.480 chg-amount
NF currency
. O

11.750.000 last-amount
NF currency
, O
divisé O
en O
235.000 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
, O
dont O
1.500 O
amorties O
de O
25 O
NF O
. O
  O
A Ini-date
l Ini-date
' Ini-date
origine Ini-date
4 Ini-amount
millions Ini-amount
de link
marks currency
, link
converti link
à link
5 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de link
francs currency
. O
Par O
étapes O
successives O
le O
capital O
aval O
atteint O
20 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
en link
1930 chg-date
; O
en O
1947 chg-date
, link
le link
capital link
a link
été link
réduit link
à link
18.725.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. link
par link
annulation link
de link
2.551 link
actions link
de link
capital link
et link
porté link
à link
37.450.000 chg-amount
fr currency
. link
par link
incorporation link
de link
réserves link
et link
création link
de link
37.450 link
actions link
gratuites link
de link
500 link
fr link
. link
( link
1 link
pour link
1 link
) link
, link
puis link
à link
50 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émjssion O
à O
750 O
fr O
. O
de O
25.100 O
actions O
de O
500 O
( O
2 O
pour O
3 O
) O
. O
Porté O
en O
1949 chg-date
à link
200 chg-amount
milllions chg-amount
, O
par O
incorporation O
de O
réserves O
et O
prime O
d O
' O
émission O
par O
élévation O
du O
nominal O
à O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
et O
création O
de O
100.000 O
actions O
gratuites O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
titre O
pour O
titre O
) O
; O
en O
195 chg-date
: link
à link
250 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
par O
émission O
au O
pair O
de O
50.000 O
actions O
de O
1.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
1 O
pour O
4 O
) O
. O
En O
1953 O
, O
regroupement O
en O
actions O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
Porté O
en O
1959 chg-date
à link
1.000.000.000 chg-amount
de link
fr currency
. O
par O
création O
de O
150.000 O
actions O
gratuite O
de O
5.000 O
fr O
. O
( O
3 O
pour O
1 O
) O
. O
Converti O
le O
Zef chg-date
janvier chg-date
1960 chg-date
à link
10 chg-amount
millions chg-amount
de link
NF currency
. O
Porté O
en O
1961 chg-date
à link
11.750.000 chg-amount
par O
création O
de O
35.000 O
actions O
de O
50 O
NF O
( O
apports O
) O
. O

6.0 last-amount
millions last-amount
de O
NF currency
, O
en O
120.000 O
actions O
de O
50.0 O
NF O
, O
dont O
90.000 O
ordinaires O
et O
30.000 O
de O
priorité O
. O
